No, I have not recorded with Dallas, do you
believe everything they say out there and I have not
recorded anything with Dallas, of course,
people spamming in the chat no and
asking her things have recorded with
Dallas This was because Ricky Ricky
stated in a long, long tweet in
case we edit this video that he had
received information that had been
leaked to him that Dallas had made a video
with Lali and then he came out saying Oh well they are
not going to upload the video because I have
discovered that they have agreed that they have
recorded a video that she told me
and that she is going to publish it Soon
I put it on Twitter and that video
disappears for me the excuse why I did
not publish that video is because I will probably give
her a scolding of Who have you
told that we have recorded, [ __ ] ant
put everything that we are going to say in the
[ __ ] video and now it is not going to be credible, I
mean you Imagine that Dalas had a
video recorded with Lali and that she is not going to
publish it because this guy uploads that tweet
you know I mean What an [ __ ] is that you
said that you were going to  I tried coral my
life I tried and thank God it didn't
turn out well I don't give a damn what
people who don't know me tell me and the people who
throw [ __ ] at me on the screen but
when a person destroys your head
for a year that's when you want to
get out of the way LoL what an accusation eh
dude let's see he's accusing him a little of
abuse no no no I'm not a fame seeker No I haven't
taken advantage of anyone